<h1 align="center">Stoic Quote of the Day</h1>
<p align="center"><em><!--START_SECTION:current-date-->
Wednesday, December 17, 2025
<!--END_SECTION:current-date--></em></p>
<p align="center">
    <em><!--START_SECTION:quote-text-->
It is within our power not to make a judgement about something, and so not disturb our minds; for nothing in itself possesses the power to form our judgements.
<!--END_SECTION:quote-text--></em><br>
    <strong>— <!--START_SECTION:quote-author-->
Marcus Aurelius
<!--END_SECTION:quote-author--></strong>
</p>

<div align="center" style="max-width:600px;margin:0 auto;">
<!--START_SECTION:quote-interpretation-->
Marcus Aurelius reminds us that the world around us is full of events, people, and situations, but these things in themselves hold no power to dictate how we think or feel. Our judgments and emotional responses are born from within us, shaped by our perceptions and interpretations. For instance, consider a friend canceling plans at the last minute. We might initially feel disappointed or upset, thinking they don’t value our time. However, if we pause and choose not to let these immediate judgments take over, we can instead remain calm and open to other possible explanations, like the friend facing an unexpected situation. In our modern, fast-paced lives where news, social media, and personal interactions constantly vie for our reactive attention, recalling that we have the power to choose our judgements can help maintain inner peace. By consciously deciding not to pass judgment hastily, we protect our minds from unnecessary disturbance and cultivate a more measured, thoughtful approach to life's inevitable ups and downs. This stoic discipline empowers us to lead a more serene existence, free from the chaos often generated by impulsive reactions and assumptions.
<!--END_SECTION:quote-interpretation-->
</div>
